very good guys girls and animals
helpless and welcome
welcome to a special video of going to
be an event of the thousand
subscribers
we are already well today
and well let's do I'm going to organize a
pokemon tournament and organizing for the
fact that he does not participate tell him that
participate but good the case is that
I want him to fight and also to see a
little the level that there is because prontito de
start with the competitive and the most
low
and good is going to treat you and how are you going to
can see
to be eternal pokemon
in the kitchen zouros that is this page
it's the same as online pokemon but
a software that is very easy
the same here you will put your name and
with this name you will have to have
what to put in the comments
and please do not repeat any report there
can copy them for free and then you'll have
that being looking has been copied
abundant maracay
It was going to be more roll for me
and good and please commented to
private for comments write
in the square this description is going to be
until day 20 and day 20 upload a
video closing the dishes and also
saying
putting how I'm going to organize it as
I saw how good is going to be with a
page and right now call such jones the
what does 16 good can do from
this one with which he organized himself in the tournament
pokemon that we organized a long time ago
time and good that this would be a
good list depending on how many
we have clear and good
and it has already happened that they will close and if
be because I think it's better a bit like that
would be putting who vargas until we
puts on valencia putting time
going to the final and then there will be a
bronze medal for the third and
fourth place
those that belong the final of distribution
and there are going to be a number of ways
some because it would not be fair
for example the four of opsis and good
is going to tell us a bit that we can be
banned if you know
we started, we have first youtube
friend rain with joe levy that work grow
do not cry cubata tours and oxy if you already
say any gratina manaf scripts and
dark ride gaming artells victim 3 iran
of chrome you're in your in that of
melo eta y yen and as you can see almost all
the legendary except the chatón and
these are the list of pokemon that do not go
to be used in the tournament is good
but to be able to create the team is already
good
because they are too many
you can use anything any
kind of weather which anything was
done - it's a little better and as I believe in
the team
once chosen the name of Justin
bieber and new team
here you put the format or an always
please
and adding pokemon is in English
good and here come all types of
few that you can catch except the
credits that do not have the description
because you could use
and well that's the only
rival who has the tournament
but then you can use anything
any skill that lets you be
good to create them
if you want the skill that work too
is allowed
you can take both hands
I clarify because I have made clear why
says that you can only use one thread
tim ward
and good a little more to say
clear that it is known that it is a tournament of
pokemon to leveling he defined it not me
would not matter is it simply changes the
aspect so I am animal the male
female too
the rank and the gender also and the
level
obviously put it and that yes clear clear
the world could whoever wants
make it clear so there was nothing
We put them on the forms and the
keep here the pin with the name of
you want facebook tournament
and to participate
I saw it
battle ocu
and here I will let you use
This is going to be a little special besides
raise the level a bit to start
go up a bit
Recollect after the friends list
missing on the 20th with this the name that
comment with the name that
would I participate would for example be
Alberto 14 behaviors because he wants to put
you would like and few good to the list of
several and day 20 upload in a video
I will try to upload it to say that we can
spend that old we put their children is
say that people to participate but
participation and good since yes or yes
participates heroes but commitment and that
according to the person
I already say I do not know if I will participate
I'm going to participate but not go over
first round so do not worry
so good but to taste the
video an idea something original that not only
has seen a national tournament I do not know if
many people will arrive
bye